Add documentation for adding a new field to an entity (#1206)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/backend/07adding_fields_to_models.md

# Steps to add a field to a model

1. Create a migration  
   `cd backend && diesel migration generate my_new_migration`  
   This will create `up.sql` and `down.sql` inside a new migration folder under `/backend/migrations/`  
   `up.sql` should create all necessary tables, columns, constraints as well as modify data if necessary  
   `down.sql` should undo all changes from `up.sql`

2. Run the migration  
   `make migration`  
   During development you can run `make migration-redo` to run `down.sql` and `up.sql` of the most recent migration

3. Add new field to Entity  

>    e.g. extend the `Plants` entity in [entity.rs](https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/blob/master/backend/src/model/entity.rs)

Reviewer: we have shortcuts which are also there to ease migration from GitHub:

```suggestion
   e.g. extend the `Plants` entity in [entity.rs](https://blob.permaplant.net/master/backend/src/model/entity.rs)
```

Author: Done
